[DOCS] link development guides in CONTRIBUTING.md (#2448) (#2451)
apache/sedona: CONTRIBUTING.md

 KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
 specific language governing permissions and limitations
 under the License.
-->

# Contributing to Apache Sedona

> Welcome! 🎉 We're excited that you'd like to contribute to **Apache Sedona**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome! We'd love to have you contribute to Apache Sedona!
```

nit: I like how it was before, to be honest. Nowadays, I feel like emojis are associated with AI use. Whether or not you generated this with AI is not a problem to me, but I think it's better to keep the result simple and avoid these associations.

To set up your development environment, please refer to:

- [Developing Sedona (Java Guide)](./docs/community/develop.md)
- [Building Sedona from Source (Python Guide)](./docs/setup/compile.md)

For contribution rules and PR instructions, see the  

> [Contributor Guide](https://sedona.apache.org/latest/community/rule/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For contribution rules and PR instructions, see the [Contributor Guide](https://sedona.apache.org/latest/community/rule/).
```

nit: the link is on the next line, let's keep it on the same one.

If you have questions or want to chat with the community, join our  

> [Discord](https://discord.gg/9A3k5dEBsY).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions or want to chat with the community, join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/9A3k5dEBsY).
```

 under the License.
 -->

# Contributing to Apache Sedona

Welcome! 🎉
We’re excited that you’d like to contribute to **Apache Sedona**, an open-source project for large-scale spatial data processing.

---

## 🧭 Getting Started

Before contributing, please make sure your development environment is set up correctly.
Check out our guides:

* [Developing Sedona (Java Guide)](./docs/community/develop.md)

> * [Building Sedona from Source (Python & Build Guide)](./docs/setup/compile.md)

Reviewer: Personally (heavy emphasis on personally), I like the idea of cutting out as much of this file as possible and leaving just a few things:
- these two links (the focus of the linked issue)
- the Discord link
- the [make a PR](https://sedona.apache.org/latest/community/rule/#make-a-pull-request) guide (tbh, I think this should be consolidated too, but that's a separate concern)

I'm pretty happy with SedonaDB's [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/apache/sedona-db/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md), actually. It's dirt simple: a link to a single page that tells you everything you need as a contributor. Very straightforward and easy to navigate. I notice a few more active contributors there, and they properly test their code locally.

The reason I think it hurts to have extra "fluff" in this file is that the `CONTRIBUTING.md` can often be the first place new potential contributors look for setup instructions. Initial setup is non-trivial, and the longer it takes for them to figure it out, the less likely they are to stick around to contribute.

WDYT @jiayuasu?
